give hear o heavens and I will speak and
give hear o heavens and I will speak and hear over earth the words of my mouth
hear over earth the words of my mouth
hear over earth the words of my mouth let my teaching drop as the rain my
let my teaching drop as the rain my
let my teaching drop as the rain my speech distill as the dew as raindrops
speech distill as the dew as raindrops
speech distill as the dew as raindrops on the tender herb and as showers on the
on the tender herb and as showers on the
on the tender herb and as showers on the grass for I proclaim the name of the
grass for I proclaim the name of the
grass for I proclaim the name of the Lord
ascribe greatness to our God he is the
ascribe greatness to our God he is the rock his work is perfect for all his
rock his work is perfect for all his
rock his work is perfect for all his ways are justice a God of truth and
ways are justice a God of truth and
ways are justice a God of truth and without injustice righteous and upright
without injustice righteous and upright
without injustice righteous and upright is he they have corrupted themselves
is he they have corrupted themselves
is he they have corrupted themselves they are not his children because of
they are not his children because of
they are not his children because of their blemish the perverse and crooked
their blemish the perverse and crooked
their blemish the perverse and crooked generation do you thus deal with the
generation do you thus deal with the
generation do you thus deal with the Lord o foolish and unwise people is he
Lord o foolish and unwise people is he
Lord o foolish and unwise people is he not your father who bought you
has he not made you and established you
has he not made you and established you remember the days of old consider the
remember the days of old consider the
remember the days of old consider the years of many generations ask your
years of many generations ask your
years of many generations ask your father and he will show you your elders
father and he will show you your elders
father and he will show you your elders and they will tell you when the Most
and they will tell you when the Most
and they will tell you when the Most High divided their inheritance to the
High divided their inheritance to the
High divided their inheritance to the nation's when he separated the sons of
nation's when he separated the sons of
nation's when he separated the sons of Adam he set the boundaries of the
Adam he set the boundaries of the
Adam he set the boundaries of the people's according to the number of the
people's according to the number of the
people's according to the number of the children of Israel for the Lord's
children of Israel for the Lord's
children of Israel for the Lord's portion is his people
portion is his people
portion is his people Jacob is the place of his inheritance he
Jacob is the place of his inheritance he
Jacob is the place of his inheritance he found him in a desert land and in the
found him in a desert land and in the
found him in a desert land and in the wasteland a howling wilderness he
wasteland a howling wilderness he
wasteland a howling wilderness he encircled him he instructed him he kept
encircled him he instructed him he kept
encircled him he instructed him he kept him as the apple of his eye as in Eagle
him as the apple of his eye as in Eagle
him as the apple of his eye as in Eagle stirs up its nest hovers over its young
stirs up its nest hovers over its young
stirs up its nest hovers over its young spreading out its wings taking him up
spreading out its wings taking him up
spreading out its wings taking him up carrying them on its wings so the Lord
carrying them on its wings so the Lord
carrying them on its wings so the Lord alone led him and there was no foreign
alone led him and there was no foreign
alone led him and there was no foreign God with him he made him ride in the
God with him he made him ride in the
God with him he made him ride in the heights of the earth that he might eat
heights of the earth that he might eat
heights of the earth that he might eat the produce of the fields he made him
the produce of the fields he made him
the produce of the fields he made him draw honey from the rock and no oil from
draw honey from the rock and no oil from
draw honey from the rock and no oil from the flinty Rock curds from the cattle
the flinty Rock curds from the cattle
the flinty Rock curds from the cattle and milk of the flock with fat lambs and
and milk of the flock with fat lambs and
and milk of the flock with fat lambs and rams of the breeds of Batian and goats
rams of the breeds of Batian and goats
rams of the breeds of Batian and goats with the choicest wheat and you drank
with the choicest wheat and you drank
with the choicest wheat and you drank wine the blood of the grapes but yuxuan
wine the blood of the grapes but yuxuan
wine the blood of the grapes but yuxuan grew fat and kicked you grew fat you
grew fat and kicked you grew fat you
grew fat and kicked you grew fat you grew thick you are obese then he forsook
grew thick you are obese then he forsook
grew thick you are obese then he forsook God who made him and scornfully esteemed
God who made him and scornfully esteemed
God who made him and scornfully esteemed the rock of his salvation
the rock of his salvation
the rock of his salvation they provoked him to jealousy with
they provoked him to jealousy with
they provoked him to jealousy with foreign gods with abominations they
foreign gods with abominations they
foreign gods with abominations they provoked him to anger they sacrificed to
provoked him to anger they sacrificed to
provoked him to anger they sacrificed to demons not to God to gods they did not
demons not to God to gods they did not
demons not to God to gods they did not know to new gods new arrivals that your
know to new gods new arrivals that your
know to new gods new arrivals that your fathers did not fear of the rock who
fathers did not fear of the rock who
fathers did not fear of the rock who begot you you are unmindful and have
begot you you are unmindful and have
begot you you are unmindful and have forgotten the God who fathered you and
forgotten the God who fathered you and
forgotten the God who fathered you and when the Lord saw it he spurned them
when the Lord saw it he spurned them
when the Lord saw it he spurned them because of the provocation of his sons
because of the provocation of his sons
because of the provocation of his sons and his daughters and he said I will
and his daughters and he said I will
and his daughters and he said I will hide my face from them I will see what
hide my face from them I will see what
hide my face from them I will see what their end will be or they are a perverse
their end will be or they are a perverse
their end will be or they are a perverse generation children in whom is no faith
generation children in whom is no faith
generation children in whom is no faith they have provoked me to jealousy by
they have provoked me to jealousy by
they have provoked me to jealousy by what is not God they have moved me to
what is not God they have moved me to
what is not God they have moved me to anger by their foolish idols but I will
anger by their foolish idols but I will
anger by their foolish idols but I will provoke them to jealousy by those who
provoke them to jealousy by those who
provoke them to jealousy by those who are not a nation I will move them to
are not a nation I will move them to
are not a nation I will move them to anger by a foolish nation
for a fire is kindled in my anger and
for a fire is kindled in my anger and shall burn to the lowest hell it shall
shall burn to the lowest hell it shall
shall burn to the lowest hell it shall consume the earth with her increase and
consume the earth with her increase and
consume the earth with her increase and set on fire the foundations of the
set on fire the foundations of the
set on fire the foundations of the mountains I will heap disasters on them
mountains I will heap disasters on them
mountains I will heap disasters on them I will spin my arrows on them they shall
I will spin my arrows on them they shall
I will spin my arrows on them they shall be wasted with hunger devoured by
be wasted with hunger devoured by
be wasted with hunger devoured by pestilence and bitter destruction I will
pestilence and bitter destruction I will
pestilence and bitter destruction I will also send against them the teeth of
also send against them the teeth of
also send against them the teeth of beasts with the poison of serpents of
beasts with the poison of serpents of
beasts with the poison of serpents of the dust the swords shall destroy
the dust the swords shall destroy
the dust the swords shall destroy outside there shall be terror within for
outside there shall be terror within for
outside there shall be terror within for the young man and virgin the nursing
the young man and virgin the nursing
the young man and virgin the nursing child with a man of gray hairs I would
child with a man of gray hairs I would
child with a man of gray hairs I would have said I will dash them in pieces I
have said I will dash them in pieces I
have said I will dash them in pieces I will make the memory of them to cease
will make the memory of them to cease
will make the memory of them to cease from among men had I not feared the
from among men had I not feared the
from among men had I not feared the wrath of the enemy lest their
wrath of the enemy lest their
wrath of the enemy lest their adversaries should misunderstand lest
adversaries should misunderstand lest
adversaries should misunderstand lest they should say our hand is high and it
they should say our hand is high and it
they should say our hand is high and it is not the Lord who has done all this
is not the Lord who has done all this
is not the Lord who has done all this for they are a nation void of counsel
for they are a nation void of counsel
for they are a nation void of counsel nor is there any understanding in them
nor is there any understanding in them
nor is there any understanding in them oh that they were wise that they
oh that they were wise that they
oh that they were wise that they understood this that they would consider
understood this that they would consider
understood this that they would consider their latter end how could one chase a
their latter end how could one chase a
their latter end how could one chase a thousand and two for ten thousand to
thousand and two for ten thousand to
thousand and two for ten thousand to flight unless their Rock had sold them
flight unless their Rock had sold them
flight unless their Rock had sold them and the Lord had surrendered them for
and the Lord had surrendered them for
and the Lord had surrendered them for their rock is not like our Rock even our
their rock is not like our Rock even our
their rock is not like our Rock even our enemies themselves being judges for
enemies themselves being judges for
enemies themselves being judges for their vine is of the vine of Sodom and
their vine is of the vine of Sodom and
their vine is of the vine of Sodom and of the fields of Gomorrah their grapes
of the fields of Gomorrah their grapes
of the fields of Gomorrah their grapes are grapes of gall their clusters are
are grapes of gall their clusters are
are grapes of gall their clusters are bitter their wine is the poison of
bitter their wine is the poison of
bitter their wine is the poison of serpents and the cruel venom of cobras
serpents and the cruel venom of cobras
serpents and the cruel venom of cobras is this not laid up in store with me
is this not laid up in store with me
is this not laid up in store with me sealed up among my treasures vengeance
sealed up among my treasures vengeance
sealed up among my treasures vengeance is mine and recompense their foot shall
is mine and recompense their foot shall
is mine and recompense their foot shall slip in due time for the day of their
slip in due time for the day of their
slip in due time for the day of their calamity is at hand and the things to
calamity is at hand and the things to
calamity is at hand and the things to come hasten upon them for the Lord will
come hasten upon them for the Lord will
come hasten upon them for the Lord will judge his people and have compassion on
judge his people and have compassion on
judge his people and have compassion on his servants when he sees that their
his servants when he sees that their
his servants when he sees that their power is gone
power is gone
power is gone and there is no one remaining bond or
and there is no one remaining bond or
and there is no one remaining bond or free he will say where are their gods
free he will say where are their gods
free he will say where are their gods the rock in which they sought refuge who
the rock in which they sought refuge who
the rock in which they sought refuge who ate the fat of their sacrifices and
ate the fat of their sacrifices and
ate the fat of their sacrifices and drank the wine of their drink offering
drank the wine of their drink offering
drank the wine of their drink offering let them rise and help you and be your
let them rise and help you and be your
let them rise and help you and be your refuge now see that I even I am he and
refuge now see that I even I am he and
refuge now see that I even I am he and there is no God besides me I kill and I
there is no God besides me I kill and I
there is no God besides me I kill and I make alive I wound and I heal nor is
make alive I wound and I heal nor is
make alive I wound and I heal nor is there any who can deliver from my hand
there any who can deliver from my hand
there any who can deliver from my hand for I raised my hand to heaven and say
for I raised my hand to heaven and say
for I raised my hand to heaven and say as I live forever if I wet my glittering
as I live forever if I wet my glittering
as I live forever if I wet my glittering sword and my hand takes hold on judgment
sword and my hand takes hold on judgment
sword and my hand takes hold on judgment I will render vengeance to my enemies
I will render vengeance to my enemies
I will render vengeance to my enemies and repay those who hate me I will make
and repay those who hate me I will make
and repay those who hate me I will make my arrows drunk with blood and my sword
my arrows drunk with blood and my sword
my arrows drunk with blood and my sword shall devour flesh with the blood of the
shall devour flesh with the blood of the
shall devour flesh with the blood of the slain and the captives from the heads of
slain and the captives from the heads of
slain and the captives from the heads of the leaders of the enemy
the leaders of the enemy
the leaders of the enemy rejoice o Gentiles with his people for
rejoice o Gentiles with his people for
rejoice o Gentiles with his people for he will avenge the blood of his servants
he will avenge the blood of his servants
he will avenge the blood of his servants and render vengeance to his adversaries
and render vengeance to his adversaries
and render vengeance to his adversaries he will provide atonement for his land
he will provide atonement for his land
he will provide atonement for his land and his people so Moses came with Joshua
and his people so Moses came with Joshua
and his people so Moses came with Joshua the son of nun and spoke all the words
the son of nun and spoke all the words
the son of nun and spoke all the words of this song in the hearing of the
of this song in the hearing of the
of this song in the hearing of the people moses finished speaking all these
people moses finished speaking all these
people moses finished speaking all these words to all israel and he said to them
words to all israel and he said to them
words to all israel and he said to them set your hearts on all the words which I
set your hearts on all the words which I
set your hearts on all the words which I testify among you today which you shall
testify among you today which you shall
testify among you today which you shall command your children to be careful to
command your children to be careful to
command your children to be careful to observe all the words of this law or it
observe all the words of this law or it
observe all the words of this law or it is not a futile thing for you because it
is not a futile thing for you because it
is not a futile thing for you because it is your life and by this word you shall
is your life and by this word you shall
is your life and by this word you shall prolong your days in the land which you
prolong your days in the land which you
prolong your days in the land which you cross over the Jordan to possess then
cross over the Jordan to possess then
cross over the Jordan to possess then the Lord spoke to Moses that very same
the Lord spoke to Moses that very same
the Lord spoke to Moses that very same day go up this mountain of the aberrant
day go up this mountain of the aberrant
day go up this mountain of the aberrant Mount Nebo which is in the land of Moab
Mount Nebo which is in the land of Moab
Mount Nebo which is in the land of Moab across from Jericho view the land of
across from Jericho view the land of
across from Jericho view the land of Canaan which I give to the children of
Canaan which I give to the children of
Canaan which I give to the children of Israel as a possession and died on the
Israel as a possession and died on the
Israel as a possession and died on the mountain which your scent
mountain which your scent
mountain which your scent and be gathered to your people just as
and be gathered to your people just as
and be gathered to your people just as Aaron your brother died on Mount hor and
Aaron your brother died on Mount hor and
Aaron your brother died on Mount hor and was gathered to his people because you
was gathered to his people because you
was gathered to his people because you trespassed against we among the children
trespassed against we among the children
trespassed against we among the children of Israel at the waters of Meribah
of Israel at the waters of Meribah
of Israel at the waters of Meribah Kadesh in the wilderness of zin because
Kadesh in the wilderness of zin because
Kadesh in the wilderness of zin because you did not harm me in the midst of the
you did not harm me in the midst of the
you did not harm me in the midst of the children of Israel yet you shall see the
children of Israel yet you shall see the
children of Israel yet you shall see the land before you though you shall not go
land before you though you shall not go
land before you though you shall not go there into the land which I am giving to
there into the land which I am giving to
there into the land which I am giving to the children of Israel